A bean is an object, nothing more.
A bean is an object that springs, stores and manages for you.
In this lesson, you will learn what a bean is.
Let's go over the most common way of creating a been.
A component class is automatically discovered by spring boot.
When you run a spring boot application, it does three things.
One of them is a component scan.
That is, it scans your project for component classes and so any class annotated with component is automatically
discovered.
Spring Boots creates an object out of each component class that it finds.
A spring container also called the application context stores and manages the object for you.
The object lives inside of the spring container.
And that being said, an object that lives inside the sprint container is called a bean.
The spring container stores and manages the object for you.
To recap, you learned what a bean is.
A bean is an object that lives inside of the spring container, also known as the application context.
The spring container manages the object for you.